# dnearman24.github.io
Website I made for hosting my school-related stuff. 

# [an-update.html](https://dnearman24.github.io/an-update.html)
This was originally written as a standard email. I wrote the first half (everything in the white section) before even thinking about html. I wrote that part in an afternoon sometime in the first half of April. Not sure when specifically. Regardless, I wrote it to update my teachers on what exactly I was going through since all of them had noticed my grades getting so much worse than what they usually are. on Wednesday the 19th, I decided to resume writing the email. I then thought that it would be cool if I had a scrolling section for my more serious part of the email, but was disappointed that the email tools in gmail didn't allow you to do this. I *did* know that companies had what looked to be webpages in their newsletters and promotional offers, so I looked up if you could write an email in html. The answer: yes. The catch: no javascript, no embedded media, and only inline css. Regardless, that is still html, so I opened a new html file in vscode and started adding the two effects I wanted: the gradient, and the fixed scrolling element. Each had their issues, and I wrote about it on my blog (if you know me on cohost), but I won't talk about those here. I *will* mention that I wrote my css in a style tag, and used an online tool to convert it to inline when I was finished. That was a good decision on my part because jesus christ it would have been so much harder to do it all inline. I digress. I spent about half of my time working on the increasingly-and-surprisingly complex html/css, and the rest of the time actually writing the text on the email itself. Then when it was finally finished, I converted it to inline (and then fixed it since the tool was not perfect) and sent it to myself to make sure it displayed properly. It mostly did, so at 1 in the morning on Monday April 24th, I sent the email to my teachers. ...only to realize sthe next day that it actually did not display exactly how I wanted it to (the floaty text thing didn't work at all and the gradient didn't look good against the default email frame), so I made this github account, created this repository, and uploaded the working html file (with the style tag css, no inline). Then I sent a follow-up email to my teachers saying to go to this site if they wanted to see the email as it was originally meant to look. And now it is done. Thank you for reading. 
